A list of all companion tools and software similar to Radarr
r/radarr
•
Posted by
u/psbankar
3 years ago
Guide



A list of all companion tools and software similar to Radarr
Just read a post by fellow redditor about Syncarr, which is a companion tool that can be used to sync up multiple instances of Radarr or Sonarr. It made me think of all such similar software which exist but people might not know of. I'm listing a few of them which I know. Maybe others can contribute to the list.
Edit: Thanks u/plissk3n for providing short descriptions.




Radarr: Manages your movie library
Sonarr: Manages your TV library
Lidarr: Manages your music ilbrary
Jackett: Meta indexer for torrent sites
    Traktarr: Add content to Radarr/Sonarr from Trakt.tv
Bazarr: Manages subtitles
    Syncarr: Syncs two Radarr/Sonarr/Lidarr instances
Tdarr: Automating media transcode/remux management and making sure your files are exactly how you need them to be in terms of codecs/streams/containers
Readarr: Book, Magazine, Comics Ebook and Audiobook Manager and Automation
    Organizr: Feature rich landingpage
    Ombi: User requests for media with Radarr/Sonarr/Lidarr integration
Bobarr: The all-in-one alternative for Sonarr, Radarr, Jackett... with a VPN and running in docker
    Listrr: With listrr.pro, you can create personalized trakt.tv lists for tv shows and movies with a variety of different filters, and use them with your ultimate PLEX setup.
    Mylar3: Manages your comic library
    Wantarr: CLI tool for Radarr/Sonarr
    Requestrr: Chatbot used to simplify using services like Sonarr/Radarr/Ombi via the use of chat!
Bonarr: Independent fork of Radarr reworked for automatically downloading adult movies via Usenet and BitTorrent.
    Lazy Librarian: Books and Audiobooks manager and automation
NzbHydra: Meta search for newznab indexers and torznab trackers
Pulsarr: Browser extension for adding movies to Radarr or Series' to Sonarr while browsing IMDB or TVDB.
Invitarr: Chatbot that invites discord users to plex
Gaps: Gaps searches through your Plex Server or local folders for all movies, then queries for known movies in the same collection.
Tautulli: Application for monitoring, analytics and notifications for Plex Media Server.
Unpackerr: It checks for completed downloads and extracts them so Radarr and/or Sonarr and/or Lidarr may import them.
mdblist.com: listrr.pro alternative with scrapped movie ratings from imdb, tmdb, trakt, letterboxd, rottentomatoes and metacritics.